[Music]
are you ready viewer
present the one and only
is this thing on
[Music]
let me just listen to my block
early july so we've
without bumping you through someone's
big plans
[Music]
cause you can see a future that i can
let me take
this moment
[Music]
tell the world we are not invisible
[Applause]
let's go
there's something on your shirt
[Music]
go show them who we are
in the heights ready pg-13 in theaters
and on hbo max june 11th
hello cutie she comes with history
emmy grammy oscar and tony
[Music]
i was really drawn to her she made me
feel like women could do anything
because she did
she was a ladina like me she just brings
such authority
and such honesty to whatever she's
playing
some people might view rita moreto as
the embodiment of the american dream
at the age of 16 years old she was the
sole breadwinner for her family
little puerto rican girl whom nobody
thought much of
at mgm with a contract
this girl is present to me from a burner
prince
i really was very often treated like a
sex object
the studio would ask contract players to
go out on pretend dates
before i know it he's forcing himself on
me when you're in a contract to a studio
they own you
what side story seems to be the big one
what are you going to do for an encore
now
that's hard to follow
[Music]
i think sometimes there are wounds that
simply
don't heal well she made herself into
somebody she wasn't
for a very long time it really hurt her
soul to have to
play those characters in that way
[Music]
for the very first time in my life i
felt very useful
she really cares about issues and then
she is just
full of you-know-what and vinegar
wear your nationality like a flag
be proud of it be proud your puerto
rican be possible
we always have to prove we're worthwhile
that's a lot of work
at 87 with a hit show and a movie in the
works
it's a remake of west side story with
latino actors in the lead role
if we thought there was no place for us
in this world of the arts that we wanted
to get into
we could look up and see rita and say
okay well she could do it
how close can i get
[Music]
[Applause]
hey a place
for us
somewhere a place
[Music]
so
we are fighting a war 30 years in the
future
our enemy is not human
[Music]
peter where is peter peter pizza peter
rabbit i'm starting to get worried
did you miss me wake up kid we have a
job to do
i'm running there tomorrow for cardio
day you can use your front legs too
let's have some fun
oh no you know what happens after you
eat too much sugar
that do you have any friends back home
can they be trusted
there's a couple i wouldn't let house
sit
[Music]
this is crazy
that was hard to watch you uh coming
we do not go anywhere near the surface
got it
everything good is above the surface
walking
the sky clouds the sun
whoa don't look at it just kidding
definitely look at it
have you ever gone to the human town
yeah
i'm kind of an expert
[Applause]
[Music]
someone got lucky today hmm
hey leave them alone hop on go start the
club
for losers
my name is julia marcovaldo we underdogs
have to look out for each other
what's under the dogs
this is my dad why do you think he kills
with those anything that swims
life is so much cooler than mine there's
a million things you think
you can't do all you need is a chance to
try
something fishy with youtube
this is too dangerous
i know your problem you got a bruno in
your head a bruno say
silencio bruno si valencia broom louder
can you still hear him nope just you
good
now hang on
what's wrong with you stupido you do it
now
just say the thing what's wrong with you
[Music]
stupidoh
as soon as you move down we can start
welcome to the harlem culture festival
[Applause]
what time is it you will not be able to
stay home brother
you will not be able to plug in turn on
and cop out
[Music]
you will not be able to lose yourself on
stag and skip out for beer during
commercials because
the revolution will not be televised
[Applause]
the revolution will be live
it's been two years since their
mothership arrived out of nowhere
an invasion force hell-bent on
destroying humanity
if it wasn't for a handful of brave men
and women
they would have succeeded
but now i fear that the worst is yet to
come
what i'm about to show you has only been
known to a handful of people
this is their weapon to set this planet
up
and wipe the slate clean this is project
rainfall
is this gonna be it running
fighting repeat now write a story as a
species it's not that we fall but that
we rise again
oh that's not good
here we go
something big is coming
foreign
[Music]
i have been on a journey for many years
seeking good and what evil
was to be avoided they say you're a
great magician
tell me what do you make of the black
[Music]
art
and then something spoke to me what was
it
[Music]
i believe my soul is within me long
again brother
your soul is outside of you and you must
claim it
[Music]
i came from a long way but the biggest
challenge for me
was still to come
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so what's your name paul
i'm way
i get rehearsed every friday and
wednesday here you want to see me just
like pull up
i have this anger thing
it gets me in trouble
i can take care of myself yeah i saw
that
does anybody know you're here aren't you
on probation
[Music]
are you lost what who are you here with
no shade i've seen with my friend why if
you have a thing for the girls that's
fine
just do your thing with someone else
what is he doing here
that's my friend so those
aren't your real brothers not in the
like
most traditional way can anyone do it
nah not this category it's for the femme
queens
from queen she told you right
she told you she was trans
this is my family like you gotta look
around maybe i don't want people
thinking of something i'm not
tell me you didn't feel anything
you know what could happen to a black
trans girl in new york city
she definitely don't need no felony
when did you know you like me who says i
like you
i just think about taking back all the
space
that the world doesn't give me and just
owning it
[Music]
caught me a little off guard i was just
notified about this
440 open 312.
where's pace we've searched top to
bottom and richard pace isn't here
hey
[Music]
let's roll
you don't have to come with us
[Music]
[Applause]
the name's ringo that's violet my man
wick over there
the con artist formerly known as prince
[Music]
let's cut to the chase here zoe we got
the same piece of crap on our shoes
warner schultz it owns prisons in the
middle east
facility state of the art one of the
most modern prisons on earth
there's millions of dollars worth of
gold in one of those locations we can
try and stop that gold from financing
terrorism
steal their goals stop the terrorists
let's go to prison shall we
hope i only fly first class
[Music]
why isn't anyone saying anything
keep moving keep moving the only way
this is going to run smoothly
is if the prison isn't running smoothly
are you
aware of how many violations you have
going on here
[Applause]
you serious the explosives i'm always
serious
total lockdown
it wouldn't be ashamed if we die without
saying our feelings
you don't date i kill them
this is not good
should we maybe call in the national
police are you high
catch me if you can
one day
[Music]
so
foreign
[Music]
yep
what do you know
[Music]
foreign
you can sneak in
[Music]
you